c:\users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\TracksToDeezer.exe.config
c:\users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\TracksToDeezer.exe
c:\users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\TracksToDeezer.pdb
c:\users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Siriona.Library.dll
c:\users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Siriona.Library.HttpServices.dll
c:\users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Siriona.Library.Injection.dll
c:\users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AnalysisServices.AdomdClient.dll
c:\users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ObjectBuilder2.dll
c:\users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Siriona.Library.pdb
c:\users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Siriona.Library.xml
c:\users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\obj\Debug\TracksToDeezer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\obj\Debug\TracksToDeezer.exe
c:\users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\obj\Debug\TracksToDeezer.pdb
c:\users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
c:\users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Dapper.pdb
c:\users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
C:\Users\ndelfour\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Siriona.Library.ServiceBus.dll
C:\Users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\TracksCommon.dll
C:\Users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\TracksCommon.pdb
C:\Users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ndelfour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\ndelfour\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Views\Stat.html
C:\Users\ndelfour\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Views\chart.js
C:\Users\ndelfour\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Siriona.Library.ServiceBus.pdb
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\TracksToDeezer.exe.config
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\obj\Debug\TracksToDeezer.exe
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\obj\Debug\TracksToDeezer.pdb
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Views\Stat.html
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Views\chart.js
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\TracksToDeezer.exe
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\TracksToDeezer.pdb
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\TracksCommon.dll
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AnalysisServices.AdomdClient.dll
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\TracksCommon.pdb
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Dapper.pdb
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\obj\Debug\TracksToDeezer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ObjectBuilder2.dll
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Siriona.Library.pdb
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Siriona.Library.xml
C:\Users\nicolas\Documents\GitHub\TracksToDeezer\TracksToDeezer\bin\Debug\Siriona.Library.ServiceBus.pdb
